The Graduate School of Business at Stanford University is seeking a
systems programmer specializing in EITHER the VAX/VMS, OR the 
TOPS-20/Unix/TCP-IP computing environments.

JOB DESCRIPTION
---------------

The Programmer/Systems reports to the Computer Operations Manager at the
Graduate School of Business Computer Facility.  The primary emphasis of
this position is on the development and maintenance of software, but user
support and consulting, documentation writing, and the implementation of
Computer Facility policy will also be important.

Specific responsibilities of the position will include:

--Maintenance and support of operating system software on the Facility's
timesharing computer systems, including configuration and installation of
new releases, bug-fixes, and performance enhancements.

--Maintenance and support of major commercial software packages acquired
from DEC and third-party vendors, including configuration and installation
of new products and new releases and assisting the User Services group in
providing user documentation, training, and support.  The Programmer/Systems 
will be expected to acquire a working knowledge of all major GSB-supported 
supported software and langugage compilers.

--Development, maintenance, and support of locally-written software which
meets the specific computing needs of the GSB.  Where applicable, co-ordinate
such efforts with other computer sites at Stanford; keep GSB software 
up-to-date with all Stanford versions.

--Development, configuration, maintenance and documentation of systems
operating procedures, including system batch jobs; user authorization
procedures; resource allocation, accounting and billing; system
performance measurement and tuning.


The GSB Computer Facility currently operates two DECsystem-2065 computers,
a Vax 8550 running VMS, and a MicroVax II running Unix, as well as a wide
variety of micro-computers (MS-DOS and Macintosh).  Substantial changes in
the computing environment are expected within the next several years,
including the migration of existing DEC-20 software and applications to
the VMS environment.


QUALIFICATIONS:
---------------

NOTE: This person will be expected to specialize in system programming for
EITHER the TOPS-20/UNIX/TCP-IP OR the VAX/VMS computing environment.
Support for the other major computing environment will be the
responsibility of a companion position, to be posted at a later date.
Applicants with qualifications in either area are encouraged to apply;
individuals with qualifications in both operating environments would be
strong candidates.

For a TOPS-20/UNIX/TCP-IP specialist: familiarity with the TOPS-20
operating environment and system software internals, including experience
with MACRO-20 assembly language, LINK, compiler object run-time systems,
and run-time symbolic debuggers.  Familiarity with program development in
the Unix environment, Unix system configuration and operations, and TCP/IP
networking software installation, configuration and operation.
Knowledge of VAX/VMS helpful but not required.

For a VAX/VMS specialist: familiarity with the VMS operating environment
and software internals, including experience with MACRO-32 assembly
language, system services, RMS, DCL programming, software development
tools such as CMS/MMS and LSE, compiler object run-time systems, and
symbolic debuggers.  Experience with DECnet or TCP/IP networking or with
Vax clusters.  Knowledge of TOPS-20 or Unix helpful but not required.

APPLICABLE TO ALL CANDIDATES:

Programming experience in several high-level computing languages (Fortran,
Pascal, or C).  Experience developing and maintaining major system and
application software.  

Knowledge of database systems and/or statistical applications would be
desirable, as would experience with microcomputer programming and
micro-to-mainframe communications.

Applicants should have the ability and willingness to work with computer
users at all levels of skill and in a variety of academic and
administrative areas within the School, and to learn new computing
languages and techniques as the GSB computing environment changes over
time.  Applicants should work well with minimal supervision.  Non-smoking
area.


SALARY: $2378 - $4412/month, depending on level of appointment and years of
applicable experience.


TO APPLY:
---------

Send a resume including the names of three persons willing to act as 
references, to:

	Mr. J. Jeff Badger (#45368-JEF)
	Personnel Services, Old Pavillion
	Stanford University
	Stanford, CA 94305-6110

The deadline for applications is March 14, 1988.

Stanford University has a strong institutional commitment to the principle of
diversity.  In that spirit, we welcome applications from all people, including
women, members of ethnic minorities, and disabled individuals.



[Specific questions about the position may be directed to the undersigned;
however, applications should be sent directly to the address above.]

						Eric M. Berg
						Graduate School of Business
						Stanford University
						A.ERIC@GSB-How.Stanford.EDU